in which I can beat like this netbook
spread the best here his company he
benítez hearing them a new gameplay
commented on this occasion what they are
seeing in the background is a free for all in
the map of cnooc town and well
suffer pretty fast
if it lasts approximately I think 4
second four minutes forgiveness and 25
seconds but well only is
this video is something short I'm going too
to comment logically not only
download the video but well this is already
as the quality that is well supposed of the
abwehr media port bou 13 mar I took me
said that because it was approved because up
where I know how far I have
understood and for the years they study
English second if it says but then
well let's say it mex and the avenue
Portable portable, this is not supposed to be
that in the last video he just said that
pedrosa grades better in an oxxo phone
nokia or a nokia fund and that in that
mother you cheated you prick sold in
one and if here planet and possible
and please see this fucking losada
knife five times the net mourns
hate hate system name of black ops 2 lo
I hate that he gave it to the good heart if I eat
I tell them the video that I uploaded on
gameplay and audio were super good
that were the quality are right now
they were quality 60 frames see they fall and
Well everything was very well the problem
came at the time of editing I have my
laptop that is a toshiba and good my
dad michelle favors thinking about his mac
I understand a laptop a hand too
So what I did was to go down
this program called adobe premier I
I have never edited in adobe premier ever
edited no adobe program that does not
be photoshop and photos put on
images always edit sony vegas or
even that some of the first
videos that your iphone in movie maker or
it was the most that moved me away from the sony
vegas then always always always say
all sony vegas and never warned a mac
then for me when I put the file
and what I did, I did all that for me
as it was fine but to upload a
total failure and in fact it is where
I learned to do it where I saw it was a
voting tutorial
I tell you, I've never used one of
These and a tutorial and drop it there
was where I learned to do it maybe
chop hands saying that you have to
vote this well I imagine that it is very
well because he knows what he does then
I imagine that I was wrong at the time
to apply a button I clicked it
I did not have to click a popcorn
Something like that could and was worth doing all the
render then not good as they
I say I hope you are seeing well the
image of this video because that's how
you see the average see very probably
also show them how it looks because
You can also record the PC or
kidnapped when minecraft was
estrada with the primary the only bad thing is
that you can not record the thing on mac no
I can use the latura and soaked to
record since I do not know how it is not
compatible software and then what
only you have to do after
laver look bring one you can record well the
drink any of the things you have is
you can put a cd card like
those that come some cell phones or
cameras and then that card
you put it in and you can record if you do not need
a computer to record only
you need current and connecting the
charger your iphone or something and
stabbing stream and simply you
put a record or click either the
posture of the center button and then
start to record it and then you pass it to
the mac on the card sd worse that is the
problem is that you can not connect the
then I have no sd card because
I do not have a camera then then this one
You need a camera but it's not mine.
has liked to do this kind of thing like
gait techniques connecting
disconnecting removing things that are not
mine
the camera also of the family then
soaked by a mother who wants
use it but I do not want to fuck the
card that I'm going to burn something yes
then it is preferable to deal a little
so an apology is very good
huge because of the big bad bug no
must render badly and well also with
I would like them to tell me if they notice
some difference in the audio since
bought a pop filter that I do not know why
chingaos be planet are investigate well
I only saw that it was very good for
hearing aids and that did better quality
Well, yes, a lot, you friend, party chingos
you occupy a scoop well then
after two years here change the
pear to see look was something as necessary
and also because it uses a lot of people mission and
its time wey videos
I have to upload videos to one
medium time or I keep going up
three days of the week I can not to
newspapers already public that the internet and
computer here simply does not give for
that but if you already in guadalajara know
that yes I would upload daily videos but
it's not like that then human as is what
I will say sacred and so it was not
forget to like it and leave a
comment the comments section does not
forget also follow my networks
social networks that are twitter and facebook the
good the next video with pias queens